We can now show a Google map on the screen, which is great.
But before we move on and start showing any markers, there's one last little thing I want to mention.
So I want to focus on the index file right now.
I want to point out something inside of here.
This is going to seem like a really strange thing to point out.
Nonetheless, I just want to mention it.
Let's just take a look at a diagram and I think you'll start to understand what I'm going to be talking
about here.
So quick diagram.
All right.
So this is kind of a crazy diagram.
Its purpose is to try to show all the different things that we can effectively do inside the indexed
file.
And I know that's weird to say, but let's just kind of walk to the diagram step by step.
So I'm going to zoom in a little bit here and go up to the top.
So inside of our index file, we've got an import statement for our company class.
Now, we currently have that commented out, but we could very easily uncomment it.
With our company class, we have two things that we can effectively do with it.
We can use it to create a new instance of a company.
And then with that instance of a company, we can reference its company name, catch, phrase, latitude,
longitude.
Likewise, we've got the user class as well.
It's currently commented out, but whatever, we can easily uncomment it.
With the user class, we can create a new instance of it or then reference that instances name latitude
and longitude.
So I'm just trying to describe like the total surface area of what we can do inside that index file
right now.
And so that's basically what we can do with the company and the user.
Now, there technically are other methods available to us, like, you know, the name properties,
a string that has like a to uppercase method and so on.
I'm just trying to write out or diagram out all the different things that we've added into our application
that's specific to our application.
So in other words, the surface area of the company and the user classes is quite small.
Let's now start to think about that map we just created.
However, I'm going to zoom back out just a little bit.
So in the last video, we created that Google map, right?
So we said right here, we said new Google Maps, maps map.
This creates an instance of a map right here.
We could technically assign the result of that to a variable.
Like so.
And then down here we could write out map and try to call a bunch of different methods attached to that
Google map we created.
So if I put a doubt right there, I'll see all the different methods that are attached to a map.
So I see add listener find to change fit bounds, get get bounds, all that different thing.
So those are all different methods we actually saw inside the type definition file.
So another way of seeing all those different methods would once again to be to command click on map
right there and you'll see all those same functions listed out right here.
These are all functions that belong to that instance of a map.
And so those are what these boxes all represent size diagram right here.
So we've got methods like set, zoom, set, center set, street view and so on.
So why is this relevant?
Well, this is going to seem like a weird thing, but I just want to point it out.
These are all methods that we have exposed inside of our index file.
So if another engineer started to come into our project, they could look at that map variable and say,
Oh, hey, look at these cool methods attached to the map.
You know what I feel like just starting to call them.
So another engineer might come into our project, start calling the methods associated with that map,
and very easily break our application.
I know that sounds strange.
I know that's weird.
Like, that's the job of Google Maps, right?
Google Maps is here to expose all these different methods.
My only point is that you and I, as the sole developers of this application, have not vetted these
methods.
We haven't sat down and said, Oh yeah, if you call these things, our application is going to continue
to work perfectly.
We didn't do that.
So in theory, if someone started to call these methods, it might horribly break our application.
Again.
I know this sounds like a stretch, but let me just make a suggestion.
Maybe if we found out a way to limit other engineers access to these methods right here, maybe that
would just slightly decrease the chances of our application breaking horribly.
So here's what I'm going to suggest.
Maybe we start to like firm up or limit the number of things we can do inside the indexed file.
Maybe we say the only things you can do inside of this file is create a new company, reference its
properties, create a new user, reference its properties.
And then maybe we should create a new class called Map like our own custom map class.
And this custom map class can be used to create a new instance of a Google map.
So this right here like will create a new instance of map, to be precise.
And during that process, we can create a new instance of a Google map.
And also on that map class, we can add a method called add marker and we'll use that function right
there to achieve our original goal.
This application of showing a marker for user and company on the actual map.
So again, this class right here, you and I are going to create this is maybe a better name for it.
Be like custom map like so.
So then wrapped up inside this class, we will have some logic to create a Google map.
And the important thing here is that that Google map and all of its associated dangerous functions and
methods right here will not be easily exposed inside of our indexed file.
And so if another engineer came in to our project, they can't just open up that indexed file and start
calling random methods on the Google map.
Instead, we've hidden all those methods.
We've wrapped them all up and taken them away from engineers and hidden them behind this facade of sorts,
or this kind of like black box of custom map.
And the only thing you can do with custom map is create a new map and add a marker to it.
Again.
I know this sounds like a stretch, but the whole idea here is that if we have a program where these
are like the only things you can do, chances are it's going to be way more challenging for people to
come into our app and start to break things.
All right.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to extract this logic to create a Google map
right here into a new class.
And once again, this logic to create a Google map is going to wrap up all of that stuff or something.
Our new class is going to wrap up the Google map and try to hide its existence from other engineers
so they can't accidentally break our application.
All right.
So quick pause right here.
Take care of that in the next video.